Update openapi.md (#1798)
api-platform/docs: core/openapi.md

API Platform natively support the [OpenAPI](https://www.openapis.org/) API specification format.

> For the full list of availables configurations, please refer to the [OpenAPI Specifications](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html). The current doc page only give some examples but focus mostly on the openapi integration inside ApiPlatform without telling you all you can pass into the attributes.

Author: Sorry for the delay of response. I read again this page and for me this new sentence is at the good place. All the chapters below treat about specifics configurations in the case of ApiPlatform integration of the specification. We can also add an extra title at the end of the page to say that but I think it's better for developers which read this page of documentation to read that information at the beginning of their reading rather than at the end (for which it's possible a lot of developers will not reach).
What do you think about my proposal to keep it at the beginning of the page ? Do you have an another specific suggestion ? Thank you

> For the full list of availables configurations, please refer to the [OpenAPI Specifications](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html). The current doc page only give some examples but focus mostly on the openapi integration inside ApiPlatform without telling you all you can pass into the attributes.

Reviewer: Why not in "Using the OpenAPI and Swagger Contexts"? It seems to that's where this information should be.

> For the full list of availables configurations, please refer to the [OpenAPI Specifications](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html). The current doc page only give some examples but focus mostly on the openapi integration inside ApiPlatform without telling you all you can pass into the attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the full list of available configurations, please refer to the [OpenAPI Specifications](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html). The current doc page only gives some examples but focuses mostly on the OpenAPI integration inside API Platform without telling you all you can pass into the attributes.
```

> For the full list of availables configurations, please refer to the [OpenAPI Specifications](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html). The current doc page only give some examples but focus mostly on the openapi integration inside ApiPlatform without telling you all you can pass into the attributes.

Author: I move the explanation to the suggest section, thanx you !
